No calibration method (#174)
tidymodels/probably: NEWS.md

# probably (development version)

## New Features

> * A new set of calibration functions are added that don’t calibrate the model (called `cal_*_none()`). These can be used as a reference implmentation when tuning the calibration method. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A new set of calibration functions are added that don’t calibrate the model (called `cal_*_none()`). These can be used as a reference implementation when tuning the calibration method (#174). 
```
